com/example/italian_englishgames/boggle/BoggleMenuFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.boggle.BoggleMenuFragmentDirections
com/example/italian_englishgames/impiccato/ImpMenuFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpMenuFragmentDirections
com/example/italian_englishgames/impiccato/ImpLoseFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpLoseFragmentDirections
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/ActivityMemBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.ActivityMemBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentFirstRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentFirstRegistrationBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/impiccato/ImpWinFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpWinFragmentDirections
com/example/italian_englishgames/impiccato/ImpLoseFragmentArgs.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpLoseFragmentArgs
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpLoseFragmentArgs$1
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpLoseFragmentArgs$Builder
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentBoggleGameBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentBoggleGameBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentUsernamePhotoSelectionBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentUsernamePhotoSelectionBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/italian_englishgames/impiccato/ImpWinFragmentArgs.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpWinFragmentArgs
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpWinFragmentArgs$1
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpWinFragmentArgs$Builder
com/example/italian_englishgames/memory/MemWinFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.memory.MemWinFragmentDirections
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentImpWinBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentImpWinBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.BuildConfig
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentImpMenuBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentImpMenuBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/NavHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.NavHeaderBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/boggle/BoggleWinFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.boggle.BoggleWinFragmentDirections
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/impiccato/ImpGameFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpGameFragmentDirections
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpGameFragmentDirections$1
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpGameFragmentDirections$ActionImpGameFragmentToImpLoseFragment
 com.example.italian_englishgames.impiccato.ImpGameFragmentDirections$ActionImpGameFragmentToImpWinFragment
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/ActivityBoggleBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.ActivityBoggleBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/boggle/BoggleGameFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.boggle.BoggleGameFragmentDirections
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentBoggleMenuBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentBoggleMenuBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/ActivityImpBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.ActivityImpBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentImpGameBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentImpGameBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentMemGameBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentMemGameBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentBoggleWinBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentBoggleWinBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/memory/MemMenuFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.memory.MemMenuFragmentDirections
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentMemMenuBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentMemMenuBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentMemWinBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentMemWinBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/ImpInputPromptBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.ImpInputPromptBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/ToolbarBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.ToolbarBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/FragmentImpLoseBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.FragmentImpLoseBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/auth/FirstRegistrationFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.auth.FirstRegistrationFragmentDirections
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/ActivityCompleteRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.ActivityCompleteRegisterBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/italian_englishgames/memory/MemGameFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.memory.MemGameFragmentDirections
com/example/italian_englishgames/databinding/GridElementBinding.java
 com.example.italian_englishgames.databinding.GridElementBinding
